Getting Started in Toolkit.
=======


## General Information

Welcome to the SinfonIA Toolkit documentation page. This project is a low-level ROS library
Developed and mantained by the SinfonIA Uniandes team. Its main purpouse is the connection and
management for the code of the different subsystems that compone this project (For example, Vision or 
Motion Control, this same webpage includes an extensive list of the tools involved in this project, 
please refer to the index for an extensive list on the matter.). This guide will cover the technical,
structural, and algorithmic nuances of this project, however, some prior knowledge on the structures are
reccomended (please refer to 'External Sources' for further information and documentation on such).


## Project Prerequisites.

As explained before, it is highly reccomended to have at least a base level understanding of the
tools used in the elaboration of this library before proceeding. Most documentation for that can be 
found in 'External Resources'.

That being said, the adquirement of those tools before hand is also important, and as such, before
trying to modify the code in this repository, a few tools should be installed, with the most important being:

1. a Ubuntu 20.04 (or based upon) Linux installation. (it can be either Bare Metal or through Virtualization)
2. ROS 20.04 Melodic or compatible
3. a C/C++ Compiler (Most of the reccomended Linux installations should already have GCC installed, so you can probably not worry about this one, unless you're
   installing Gentoo, Arch or some other unorthodox Linux distro.)
4. If you're to push the code onto the repo (Which you're probably thinking on doing, if you're to work on this) you should have Git installed. A
   Git client such as Github Desktop or GitKraken is recommended.
5. An IDE, such as Visual Studio Code or CLion

It should be fairly easy to compile all of this, as none of it is strictly proprietary and all of it is free, once that's dealt with, we can
start properly working.


## Project Structure

This project is, in essence, a ROS Library, which follows and is dictated by ROS's design conventions. The main thing to note are the fact that this project
**MUST** be run along with ROS, otherwise it will lack a lot of dependencies that it needs. Since stuff such as the Topics structure and the Publisher/Subscriber
format used are defined on those external libraries. Furthermore on that structure, our project's 'src' and 'include' folders are structured in a way that the code of a specific
topic is all contained on the same subfolder, a fact that should be considered when navigating this project.

Another thing that should be noted on these two folders, is that the variable declaration in 'include' is also applied for 'src', the management of such variables are a common source of confusion, so you should have that in mind


## Project Compilation.

### Catkin

### rostopic and rosmake